=head1 My Git templates

This is my Git templates.

I currently just have a post-checkout hook that is run after each
clone. The rest of it is just the "standard" template.

Put it somewhere (i.e. in C<~/.gitconfig.d/git-templates>) and setup
your git to use it:

    git config --global --replace-all init.templatedir ~/.gitconfig.d/git-templates


=head1 Dependencies

I had to install JSON.pm and Config::IniFiles.pm:

    sudo cpan -i JSON
    sudo cpan -i Config::IniFiles

The rest of the dependencies was already installed.

=head1 The actual hooks

=head2 post-checkout

Doesn't do anything if it is a not run as a clone operation.

Gets the remote URL and does stuff based on where we are cloning from.

=head3 Drupal.org repositories.

Configure C<user.name> and C<user.email>.

They will be set to the value of C<user.drupal.name> and
C<user.drupal.email> if they exist.

Also set the description of the checkout (.git/description) to the
description found in the .info file.

    git config --global --replace-all user.drupal.name arnested
    git config --global --replace-all user.drupal.email arnested@245635.no-reply.drupal.org

=head3 GitHub repositories.

Use the GitHub API to look up if this repository is a fork of
another repository and if so set the original repository as
"upstream" branch.

Configure C<user.name> and C<user.email> based on the GitHub organization.

They will be set to the value of C<user.$org.name> and
C<user.$org.email> if they exist.

Also set the description of the checkout (C<.git/description>) to the
description of the GitHub repository.

Getting data through the GitHub API is currently only supported for
public repos.

    git config --global --replace-all user.reload.email arne@reload.dk
